What a bratty cunt. Reminds me of Sam Smith's embarrassing comment of "who's Thom Yorke" a few years ago. Same tone of insolent stupidity.
I feel like we've been here for a million years
Rain on my pizza - help it cool down
Damn!!!
This is crazy!!!!
Who is the phantom menace? What does it mean?
Billie Jean, Thriller and Beat It all on one album… wtf bro
Fucking weirdos
There is no better feeling than that from a song you love but have forgotten how much, on its second chorus you feel your mouth curl to a grin and all weight leave your chest, replaced by light magic elation - your back may slightly arch too.
one of the worst feelings is revisiting something you worked on and remembered as at least passable while not great and finding instead that it is quite awful - that's when you think this is a horrible world
Seriously FUCK this guy!!! Seriously lame
All super rich people do the same thing all prisoners do - go to the gym every day and get jacked because there is nothing else left. Money is a prison.
Only drink coffee after 8pm #win
Fucking epic if true
Let's drink
Sometimes all you can say is Lol
I love the David Bowie song where he sings the word Homosapiens
Do you want a seaboard for your birthday?
Billie Jean has gotta be one of the best songs ever recorded #slick
Recently I wanted to avoid being seen by some people and closed my eyes as I walked down the street, thinking this would make me disappear.
It's a nice thought that many songs that may become your favourites, and will listen to again and again, you have not heard yet
Beatcafe tonight
A Bug's Life Malone
#Zoning
Pre flight vibes
Lame motherfucker
Fucking moist guy
When you don't remember the restaurant last night but can taste the food in your mouth.... #Waved
Love calling people "my friend" #vibe
Elderly incontinence
In order to make money you should XYZABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZABCDEFGHUJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
Diabetic incontinence #tricky #tragic
Monday
After 2 drinks, music sounds like the breath of god
Some people you will never understand.  Cut your losses and leave them alone.
Have sat in my chair for the last 7 hours or so #friday
Give me a lol for all the pricks in your life #fuckthem #youareaG
lol
#Future
